what's up I'm Spencer Hobbs anyways i
said i'd make a video when I was done
with the 21-day challenge so that's
exactly what I'm doing my thoughts about
the 21-day challenge it was awesome it
made me experience a lot of new foods
taught me to become a better cook so I
always had to prepare my Mills before I
went anywhere is on the type of person
where I'm just always out a rarely ever
home coolest things exposed me to
different type of carbs I quinoa I love
quinoa now 21-day challenge was a
success I didn't mess up once except i
will tell you i did have some peanut
butter towards the end coming off the
21-day challenge did i notice a
difference yes I noticed the difference
today's Tuesday I've only been off the
challenge for two days I'm not gonna lie
when I woke up in the morning I splurged
and I had three cupcakes two cookies and
a brownie yeah after 21 days of not
having any type of pastries like that I
got heartburn I got stomachaches and
some other not so fun stuff if you know
about Maine that's what else a lot of
was oh no it's cool like something
else I tried to I was on the challenge I
went gluten-free and dairy-free for
about a week and a half to me it was
awesome I loved it and as soon as I
started getting back on the gluten
started getting more heartburn on also
milk I think milk gives me a crazy acid
reflex to like I don't know but that's
been the biggest thing I've noticed also
i did gain weight coming off of the
challenge i ate in the same amount of
food i think these past two days I've
haven't had a single thing that's
probably nutritiously good for me and I
weighed myself today I weighed 150
pounds which is a lot considering the
fact that I usually range from 143 2 145
my future plans take two weeks off where
I'm still going to eat really healthy
and all that I had my to splurge days
so I'm going to eat super healthy but
I'm not going to be super strict so like
if I go out with friends you know and
they go to a mexican shop I'll order a
california burrito if someone brings
some cookies to some event I'll have
myself a cookie or two weeks I'll allow
that after that two weeks I'm going to
go back on the 21-day challenge but
instead this time I'm deciding I
probably end up I probably will end up
doing it for 31 days yeah I just really
want to get this on your troll I gotta
take it to the next level and yeah my
next video I'll talk about more of my
lifting stuff because I've made some
gains